# 2024

Become familiar with the monorepo workflow, independently deploy a website, understand CI/CD operations, and write scripts and configurations. Refer to (imitate) the architecture/configuration of open source projects as much as possible.

## Highlights

- Integration of profile and notes into monorepo

  - Run notes as a web app
  - Add an entry to the notes website in the profile

- Open source component library architecture
  - Configure monorepo
  - Configurations
    - eslint
    - prettier
    - typescript
    - babel
    - webpack / rollup
  - Design and implement a component library
  - Configuration of CI/CD
    - Scripts
      - release
      - build
    - Publish it to npm

### July

- Integration of profile and notes into monorepo

  - [x] Choose which monorepo tools to use. -> `Nx`
        [Rush](https://rushjs.io) and [Bazel](https://bazel.build) are also great monorepo tools,
        but I don't have much experience with them.
        If I get the chance in the future, I would like to try them out as well.

    I am mainly torn between Turbo and NX, as most of the discussions in the frontend community revolve around Turbo, NX, and Lerna.

    [Lerna](https://lerna.js.org) being a veteran monorepo tool, is undoubtedly reliable.
    However, Nx is currently the most common monorepo tool I have come across.

    [Turbo](https://turbo.build) is also gaining popularity,
    and its configuration is simpler than [NX](https://nx.dev).

    Nonetheless, many concepts in Turbo are derived from NX.

    Although NX might have a more complex setup,
    I decided to try NX first, so that when I eventually try Turbo,
    I can build on the same concepts.

  - [ ] Study the basics of monorepo tool and infrastructure

    - [task pipeline and task cache](../../monorepos/nx/task.md)
    - [nx configuration](../../monorepos/nx/nx-configuration.md)
    - [project configuration](../../monorepos/nx/project-configuration.md)
    - [generator](../../monorepos/nx/generated.md)

  - [ ] Initialize monorepo
  - [ ] Move profile to monorepo
  - [ ] Move notes into monorepo

- [x] Choose a cloud service provider. -> `AWS`
  - The most popular cloud provider on the market
  - Its concepts can also be applied to other cloud providers.

### August

- Domain and hosting

  - [ ] Study the basics of cloud services and infrastructure.
  - [ ] Set up account
  - [ ] Set up domain
  - [ ] Set up hosting
  - [ ] Manually deploy at least once

### September

- CI/CD

  - [ ] Set up CI/CD
  - [ ] Improve my CI/CD pipeline, manage the scripts and configurations.
